README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to @set-app/main 👋</h1>
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app#readme" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/graphs/commit-activity" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/blob/main/LICENSE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/frankeo/set-app" />
  </a>
</p>

> Create a react app without so much configuration going around. Configure the CI/CD also required so you can focus on coding 😉

### 🏠 [Homepage](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@set-app/cli)

### ✨ [Demo](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@set-app/cli)

## Install

```sh
yarn install
```

## Usage

```sh
yarn dev
```

## Run tests

```sh
yarn test
```

## Author

👤 **Francisco Moreno**

* Github: [@Frankeo](https://github.com/Frankeo)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/issues). You can also take a look at the [contributing guide](https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2023 [Francisco Moreno](https://github.com/Frankeo).<br />
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

***
_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_

Commit message:

fix(@set-app/cli): fix Readme with basic info for cli
docs(@set-app): fix main readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to @set-app/cli 👋</h1>
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app#readme" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/graphs/commit-activity" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/blob/main/LICENSE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/frankeo/set-app" />
  </a>
</p>

> Create a `React` and `Console` apps without so much configuration going around. It Creates the `Github project`, `beautiful READMEs` and `CI/CD` related staff so you can **focus on coding** 😉

### 🏠 [Homepage](https://frankeo.github.io/set-app/)

### ✨ [Tool](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@set-app/cli)

## Usage

```sh
npx @set-app/cli@latest
```

## Author

👤 **Francisco Moreno**

* Github: [@Frankeo](https://github.com/Frankeo)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/issues). You can also take a look at the [contributing guide](https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2023 [Francisco Moreno](https://github.com/Frankeo).<br />
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Frankeo/set-app/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

***
_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_
